What is Mono?
What is mono software?

How many years does Mono exist?
How long is your tradition?
What is the year you are established in?

Is Mono an awarded IT company?
Have you won any awards?

What does Mono do?
What is Mono's expertise?
What is your expertise?

What services does Mono offer?
What services do you offer?
What are your services?

Do you offer software outsourcing and consulting services?
Can we outsource your team?
I want to outsource your team.

How many people work in Mono?
How many developers Mono has?
How many developers do you have?

What are the job titles at Mono?

What is the average education level of Mono team members?
What is the average education level of your team?

How experienced are Mono developers?

How many junior, mid-level and senior developers work in Mono?

What are the industries Mono works for?
What are the industries Mono is experienced in?
What are the industries you have experience in?

Who are your clients?
How many clients you have?

Does Mono practice an agile approach?
Do you practice an agile approach?

How expensive is your custom made software?

What are the hourly rates in Mono?
What is your hourly rate?

How much does the development of an application cost?
What is the price to develop an app?
I want to create a mobile app, how much does it cost?
I want to create a new website for my business, how much does it cost?

What are the technologies Mono works with?
What are the technologies you work with?

Is Mono experienced in using AI?
Are you experienced with AI?
Do you work with AI?

What is Baasic?

How does Baasic work?

What does Baasic include?

Is Baasic free?
How much Baasic costs?
What's the price of Baasic?

Can I register for a custom Baasic plan?

What does the Baasic free plan include?
What comes with Baasic free plan?

What is Mono eCTD Office?

Is eCTD Office free?
How much eCTD Office costs?
What's the price of eCTD Office?

How many users Mono eCTD Office has?

What tools are included in eCTD Office suite?

What is pCTD Compiler?

What is eCTD Submission Comparer?

What is PDF Editor Pharma Toolbox?

Does PDF Editor Pharma Toolbox require Adobe Acrobat software?

What is PDF Hyperlink Explorer?

What is Mono eCTD Viewer?

Is eCTD Viewer free?
How much eCTD Viewer costs?
What's the price of eCTD Viewer?

What is Clokke?

Is Clokke free?
How much Clokke costs?
What's the price of Clokke?

Do you build banking software?
Are you experienced in developing banking software?

What kind of software do you build for the pharma industry?

Do you build social network software?

Can you build an e-learning app?
Do you build learning software?

What kind of software do you build in medicine?
What kind of software did you build in medicine?

Can you make me real estate software?
Can you make me a real estate app?

Do you build recruitment software?
Do you build a recruitment app?

Do you build construction management software?
Do you build construction management apps?

Do you make software for pets, animals, and veterinary practices?

Are you experienced in making software for the transport company?

Can you make purchase software?
Do you build purchase software?

Are you experienced in making environmental protection software and wildlife?

Can you make me software for electronic form processing?

Can you make me software for occupational safety and health?
Do you make me software for occupational safety and health?

What kind of software do you build for the tourism sector?

What kind of software do you build for law enforcement and other government services?

Do you make payment processing software?

Do you make software for the power distribution and energy industry?

Where can I see your work?
Where can I see your showcase?

Where can I see your design?
Do you have a design portfolio?
Where can I see your design showcase?

How fast can you build an app?
How fast can you make software?
How fast can you make a website?
How long takes to make an app?
How much time it takes you to make an app?
How much time it takes you to build software?
What is an average time to build an app?
What is an average time to build software?
What is the average time to build a website?

How do you estimate time and price for an app?

How the process of making an app looks?
What are the steps for making an app?

Where can I get a quote for my project?
How can I get a quote for my app?
Where can I get a quote for my business?
How can I get a quote for my website?

How can I contact you?
How can I reach you?
Can I call you?
What is your phone number?

Do you work with JavaScript?

Do you work with Python?

Do you work with .NET?

What kind of mobile apps do you build?
What kind of mobile apps do you make?

Do you build cloud-based solutions?
Do you work with Cloud?

What kind of software do you make?

I need a publishing software.


